Feature/service documetation (#56)
bechtleav360/Maverick.UserProfileService: docs/Installation/Configuration/Sync.md

          "WriteConcern": 1
        }
      },
      "EdgeCollections": {
        "*": {
          "NumberOfShards": 3,
          "ReplicationFactor": 2,
          "WriteConcern": 1
        }
      }
    },
    "ConnectionString": "",
    "MinutesBetweenChecks": 60
  },
  "Redis": {
    "AbortOnConnectFail": false,
    "AllowAdmin": true,
    "ConnectRetry": 5,
    "ConnectTimeout": 5000,
    "EndpointUrls": [],
    "ExpirationTime": 7200,
    "Password": null,
    "User": null
  },
  "Routing": {
    "DiscardResponsePathBase": "",
    "PathBase": ""
  },
  # Configuration is explained below.
  "SyncConfiguration": {
    "SourceConfiguration": {
      "Systems": null,
      "Validation": {
        "Commands": {
          "External": {
            "profile-deleted": false
          }
        },
        "Internal": {
          "User": {
            "DuplicateEmailAllowed": false
          }
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "Tracing": {
    "OtlpEndpoint": "",
    "ServiceName": "userprofile-sync"
  }
}
```
The service is configured to allow access to all necessary third-party components through the localhost endpoints.

## Configure the UPS-Sync with LDAP Connector

> As of now, we offer support for an LDAP Connector capable of synchronizing data from an existing Active Direcotry for example. The configuration for this feature can be found under the `LDAP` section. We will explane all section step by step. Below is an example configuration for the Active Directory System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of now, we offer support for an LDAP Connector capable of synchronizing data from an existing Active Direcotry for example. The configuration for this feature can be found under the `LDAP` section. We will explain all sections step by step. Below is an example configuration for the Active Directory System.
```
